oakland software Java HTTP Client Support Agreement


1. General.  This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under
which oakland software ("Oakland") shall maintain the Java HTTP Client
("Software") which has been properly purchased, licensed or
sub-licensed to the Customer.

2. Term.  This Agreement will be for a period of one year from the
specified start date and shall be automatically renewed for additional
one year terms, unless terminated by the Customer serving thirty days
notice in writing to Oakland prior to the end of the then running
term. This Agreement may also be terminated by Oakland if the Customer
defaults in the payment of any monies due under this Agreement and
fails to remedy the default within 15 days after written notice or in
the event of a breach by Customer of any other provision of this
Agreement.

3. Fees and Payment.  The specified annual support fees will be
invoiced annually up to 30 days in advance of the renewal date and
invoices are payable 30 days after receipt of invoice by the
Customer. In the event that the agreement is not terminated at the end
of a running one year term, the Customer is responsible for ensuring
that the appropriate customer purchase order is sent to Oakland in
advance to ensure that Oakland`s annual invoice is capable of being
paid on receipt by the Customer. Oakland reserves the right to amend
the support fees by giving not less than sixty days notice prior to
the end of the then running one year term.


4. Support Services.  Oakland will provide the following support
services to the Customer:

(a) Responses to up to 15 Customer reports (whether by mail, telephone,
electronic mail or fax) of difficulties or problems with the software
products and assistance in diagnosis of faults ("Report"). The Customer must
provide adequate information and documentation to enable Oakland to
recreate or identify the problem. Oakland may notify the Customer that
the problem could not be recreated, located or identified, if such is
the case. If applicable Oakland may notify Customer that the problem
will not be resolved and the reason for this decision.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, the Oakland makes no
warranties that the Support Services provided hereunder will be
successful in resolving any difficulties or problems or in diagnosing
faults.

(b) Oakland shall provide a response to a Report and each Customer
communication in the course of resolving a Report within 8 business
hours of its receipt by Oakland.  Business hours are 0900-1700 Pacific
time (GMT-8) on Monday through Friday exclusive of national or state
holidays.

(c) Oakland shall provide without additional charge maintenance
releases of the software products originally licensed when such
maintenance releases are made generally available by the Licensor of
the software products.

(d) Oakland shall have no responsibility for hardware problems or
software which has been subject to improper use, accident, neglect or
modification.

(e) On-site consultation, if requested by Customer and subject to
availability of Oakland's technical staff, will be provided at
Oakland's then current standard rates plus reasonable associated
expenses.

(f) The Customer shall nominate one technical contact who will be the
sole point of contact between the Customer and Oakland.

5. Additional Provisions.

(a) This document contains the entire Agreement between the parties
relating to the matters covered by it, superseding all other oral or
written representations, understandings, proposals or other
communications between the parties. 

(b) This Agreement may be modified only in writing by authorized
representatives of Oakland and Customer.

(c) Oakland and Customer are independent parties, and nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed as making them partners or as creating
the relationships of employer and employee, master and servant, or
principal and agent between them, for any purpose whatsoever. 

(d) Neither party shall make any contracts, warranties or
representations or assume or create any other obligations, express or
implied, in the other party's name or on its behalf.

(e) In no event shall either party be liable for any delay or failure
to perform under this Agreement which is due to causes beyond the
reasonable control of such party.

(f) Customer agrees that the terms and conditions of any purchase
order or other instrument issued by Customer in connection with the
subject matter of this Agreement which are in addition to or
inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will not
be binding on Oakland and will not apply to this Agreement.

(h) No action, regardless of form, arising out of this Agreement may
be brought by either party more than one year after the cause of
action has been or reasonably should have been discovered, or, in the
case of an action for nonpayment, more than two years after the date
the last payment was due.

(i) If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be in
violation of applicable law, void, or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, then such provisions are herewith waived to the extent
necessary for the Agreement to be otherwise enforceable in such
jurisdiction. However, if in Oakland's opinion deletion of any
provisions of the Agreement by operation of this paragraph
unreasonably compromises the rights or increase the liabilities of
Oakland or its licensors, Oakland reserves the right to terminate the
Agreement and refund the fee paid by Customer on a pro-rated bases, if
any, and such refund shall be Customer's sole and exclusive remedy.
 
(j) UCC Applicability. To the extent the provisions of this Agreement
are not inconsistent therewith, this Agreement shall be governed by the
Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in California.
 
